Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager Plugins 3.1.0 (#3650)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1022-3-0-new-open-api-documentation-plugin-to-browse-and-test-dtm-ap-is-ctm-2278.md

---
date: ""

> title: "New OpenAPI documentation plugin to browse and test DTM APIs [CTM-2278]"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "New OpenAPI documentation plugin to browse and test Digital Twin Manager APIs"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-QHu1GdukP"
      label: "Feature"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-2278"
version: "1022.3.0"
---

> The OpenAPI documentation plugin provides details for the Assets and Definitions APIs, including required permissions. It helps users visualize and interact with the API’s resources without having any of the implementation logic in place.

Reviewer 2: @lara-c8y @srinath0707 @thomaswinkler : These APIs are currently in the preview phase, but the changelog entry does not mention this, which may cause confusion for users. I would like to propose the following, assuming the APIs are in Private Preview:

```suggestion
A new OpenAPI documentation plugin has been added to the dtm-plugins extension. It provides interactive documentation for the Assets and Definitions APIs, including details on required permissions. The plugin allows users to browse, visualize, and test API resources directly from the product documentation without needing to implement any logic.

Please note that these APIs are currently in private preview. To enable them, contact the Product team via [product support](https://cumulocity.com/docs/additional-resources/contacting-support/) to have the required feature flags activated.
```

Reviewer 3: @rahulc8y, looks right to me. I'll have it updated from a separate PR.
